pages*: improve list placeholders and wording of descriptions (#12111)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ptargrep.md

> Find regular expression patterns in one or more tar archive files.
> More information: <https://manned.org/ptargrep>.

> - Search for a pattern within one or more files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for a pattern within one or more `tar` archives:
```
